so here's the thing i have a full bank
in here and i just want to see what
people's reaction to me will be i'm
going now to go and run some errands and
stuff so i'm really looking for to see
what people's reaction will be so this
first go to my friends house and I
probably think she doesn't want to be on
camera but anyway we'll get a reaction
this is gonna be cool
Omega to do you like my hair you
instructor I did you change is good huh
yeah change is good change is good you
sure want to undo your hair huh you go
down right yeah yeah in a way so yeah
I'm going to go and pick her up so I'm
going I'm trying to see what people's
reaction you like it what would a hair
damage wrong with her I know I didn't
want you to stand boy you like it I do
so yeah it's my full bag you remember my
full bag from way back yeah so you just
clicked it on the phone and I'm doing my
reward I'm not a deer yeah look at your
dog we just sits at these people house
is they go down there and I mean you
should he cries to go over there too oh
boy I just his little sis from school
and I'll see our reaction I see more
sheep thanks
why do it try the same thing many of us
are the same thing it's not me it's
pretty just makes you look totally
different i like it yeah yeah yeahs for
you guys look at my thing
like it really what do you like about it
oh it does yeah okay how our school good
hey tired yes okay so do you know what
it is do you think I relax my hair yes
you do do you think I'll relax my aunt
put chemicals in it yeah you think oh no
I didn't relax my hair it's part of the
week it's a way yeah Cassie's a week um
it's not really a full week as part of a
week is like the little tougher we get
them i'll show you okay it's a little
weak that's a little weak
hmm that's big sister to us mommy what
happened to your hair what up the right
here I relaxed it do you think I relaxed
it what okay ghetto get up what lexing
hair you don't like it okay dude relax
my hair see
No
the week right all right why I mean what
why here no I relax my hair do we know
it's a week I relax my I don't like me
relax mind me what will you do if I he
likes my that's right here I can do for
you like it yeah you like it you can
from our down here it's okay no likey
mmm ok if you take off your cup you
wanna see what is really happening a
television look just a clip-on now
remember this thing I know just like
people know yeah anyway we just wanted
to surprise you hmm something different
ok that's enough of that